Remove deprecated file permission API (#28436)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/releases/upgrading/upgrading_version_8.adoc

// limitations under the License.

[[upgrading_version_8]]

> = Upgrading your build from Gradle 8.x to Gradle 9.0

Reviewer: @jbartok, can you move this to its own file "upgrading_version_9.adoc"?

> = Upgrading your build from Gradle 8.x to Gradle 9.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> [[unix_file_permissions_removed]]

Reviewer: Can you move this entry to line 63?

Author: Applied all your suggestions. Thank you.

==== Unix mode based file permissions removed ====

A new API for defining file permissions has been added in Gradle 8.3, see:

- link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/file/FilePermissions.html[FilePermissions].
- link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/file/ConfigurableFilePermissions.html[ConfigurableFilePermissions].

The new API has now been promoted to stable and the old methods have been deprecated in Gradle 8.8.
In Gradle 9.0 these old methods have been completely removed:

- `org.gradle.api.file.CopyProcessingSpec.getFileMode()`
- `org.gradle.api.file.CopyProcessingSpec.setFileMode(Integer)`
- `org.gradle.api.file.CopyProcessingSpec.getDirMode()`
- `org.gradle.api.file.CopyProcessingSpec.setDirMode(Integer)`
- `org.gradle.api.file.FileTreeElement.getMode()`
- `org.gradle.api.file.FileCopyDetails.setMode(int)`

> = Upgrading your build from Gradle 8.x to the latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Upgrading your build from Gradle 8.x to 9.0
```

> This chapter provides the information you need to migrate your Gradle 8.x builds to the latest Gradle release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter provides the information you need to migrate your Gradle 8.x builds to Gradle 9.0.
```
